[AMQP] add publish flow & support for publish confirm (#1330)
akka/alpakka: docs/src/main/paradox/amqp.md

Java
: @@snip [snip](/amqp/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/AmqpDocsTest.java) { #create-sink }

#### With a Flow

> Create a flow, that accepts a Tuple2 of @scaladoc[ByteString](akka.util.ByteString) and a PassThrough element (a String in the example). The @scaladoc[ByteString](akka.util.ByteString) will be forwarded to the AMQP server, and the PassThrough element passed downstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a flow, that accepts a @scala[tuple]@java[`akka.japi.Pair`] of @scaladoc[ByteString](akka.util.ByteString) and a PassThrough element (a String in the example). The @scaladoc[ByteString](akka.util.ByteString) will be forwarded to the AMQP server, and the PassThrough element passed downstream.
```

Scala
: @@snip [snip](/amqp/src/test/scala/docs/scaladsl/AmqpDocsSpec.scala) { #create-publish-flow }

Java
: @@snip [snip](/amqp/src/test/java/docs/javadsl/AmqpDocsTest.java) { #create-publish-flow }

> Note: in This example, we activate AMQP's publish confirms so that only truly published elements pass this stage. This is completely optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: in This example, we activate AMQP's publish confirms so that only truly published elements pass this stage and backpressure applies via the AMQP broker. This is completely optional.
```
